your dad told me one time
when some years when the grass gets so
dry come September then it takes I'm
strike you lightning or a downed power
line and all go burn fast
so big no man can stop at Ola rain comes
through the wind quiets down I've never
seen a man work so slow you know
Bennett's that goddamn help
don't you bring her over sin attack huh
yeah dog bring your own yeah you know
she doesn't know I'd like to get out
much
she's still kind of new be home soon
thank you try hey Joe
where's your brother I just wanted to
look like he this tells jokes
hey Joe when he wants to be with you
there's no one better than Brady's gonna
break his neck
yeah I can't be more than about myself
did you run around getting hurt Dustin's
gotta me we just want the best boy you
missed
I remember when you left dad what are
you thinking about
you were wrong about installed it's
jealousy
something better yeah I need to tell you
some very bad news
Oh
better hope the wind stays like it is
believe the fire is coming down off the
mountain
where's your brother
get up you black soul
she cry
you can leave when it's daylight because
men like you
laughter and the strong of them survive
the weak the innocent died on the road
don't call
don't you ever come back
where I help this
God is rock
she try to see a little sweetheart it's
almost time
you